Restructures the Client,Variant & Server_Sdk files for a cleaner sidebar (#1085)
aerogear/aerogear-unifiedpush-server: website/docs/clients/android.md

### Registering and Unregistering and The Activity life cycle

When your Activity comes into the foreground you will want to register any MessageHandlers that need to run in the main thread.  Likewise when your Activity is in the background, you will want to have your main thread handlers disabled.  You may do this by overriding the onPause and onResume methods. 

At a minimum, your code should resemble :

```java
//messageHandler is a field that points to a messageHandler

@Override
protected void onResume() {
    super.onResume();
    RegistrarManager.registerMainThreadHandler(messageHandler); 
}

@Override
protected void onPause() {
    super.onPause();
    RegistrarManager.unregisterMainThreadHandler(messageHandler); 
}
```

If you wish, you may also have background thread handlers.

```java
RegistrarManager.unregisterBackgroundThreadHandler(messageHandler);
```

```
RegistrarManager.registerBackgroundThreadHandler(messageHandler);
```

## Hello World Example

> The AeroGear project provides an example Unified Push application in their [android-cookbook repository](https://github.com/aerogear/aerogear-android-cookbook/tree/master/HelloPush)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AeroGear project provides an example UnifiedPush application in their [unifiedpush-cookbook repository](https://github.com/aerogear/unifiedpush-cookbook/tree/master/android/HelloPush)
```
